hey everybody its Nick and Jay and after
about a month yeah I'm doing nothing
yeah we are back from the autobahn
Country Club and the doing time and
Juliet event now Audubon has noted up
lots of rich and powerful men very great
place to go lemon tracer unless you're
driving this horrible car so the run exp
first four or five times we saw this car
birthing man that thing is great it's so
ugly it's so funny looking but now that
we've seen it run and we're used to it
but God that's gone the car now speeding
cop in his quest for winning everything
in lemons because once he does that the
sky's the limit really been stores to
God no stop formula 1 so the only thing
he hasn't won is Class B now he has the
Honda accordion which of course a Honda
of course we kept in the middle it's a
Class B car a good one yeah it could win
yeah and so he goes out it's doing it's
doing great then one of his drivers gets
clocked in about 47 miles an hour going
through the pits they get parked for an
hour
chances winning class be over but
terrible Phil judge Phil our judge felt
this was his 100th race there were
celebrations people brought him gifts
it was totally excellent they were
straight out pretty serious
residues are feelin comin on ahead
this cars going to dominate
you know there's this thing that our
ancestors owned situations like this
called the building
bill great job now this race was a very
special single session 14 hours straight
ran into the dusk in the night time on
Saturday Autobahn they have two tracks
and we were only allowed to race on one
the first half but then at night
second one freed up we could open the
pipeline between the tomb and run
simultaneously it was hella sweet now
back to Phil he came up with I think a
fantastic penalty which is the SU
carburetor diagram penalty now if you're
like me and you spent your entire
misguided youth driving mgs and triumphs
and some beams and crap like that you
know all about su carburetors but you
know kids today they've never seen this
stuff so they took the incredibly
complicated diagram had draw it out on
their hood to had to explain with all
the parts to took him like five hours
you know I read a Peter Regan article
when I was a kid about a Jaguar e-type
and he was talking about the biggest s
use known to man I had no clue what the
hell he's talking about
well honestly you didn't miss heroic fix
went to paps blew racin and the Nissan
Maxima mid-engine Cadillac Northstar v8
this is a flawless plan yeah shockingly
it broke down so they got to go find
Nissan parts and axles but then also a
Cadillac engine they went out to the
junkyard and they basically VIN it
so it's nowhere do stuff goes yeah I got
screwed trophy went to these guys so
they think that two cars they got a BMW
3-series runs great and I got this
geometric lassie car run great that said
run we got genius ideas Superleggera Geo
Metro arson light as a feather we're
gonna put the big BMW motor in there
thing is gonna dominate so when they
were done they spent our tens of
thousands of hours and millions of
dollars doing this thing
beautifully executed and when they were
done to Geo Metro weighed more than a
3-series six-cylinder BMW it
Elysa and in honor of judge Phil's 100th
lemons race
we gave him a special award which was
never take judge Phil's the bikes now
this team has a mid-80s Chrysler it's a
Sundance it's a duster it's a challenger
LeBaron it's whatever the hell those
Superbird I don't know and naturally it
has a Mitsubishi engine America yeah and
so the EFI does not work at all and so
feel you know what you could do the
plenum is so flat you just cut a square
hole and put a carburetor on the top and
these guys well we don't have a
carburetor but those dudes down the
street with the Toyota they've got an
extra one for a Toyota pickup that will
work sawzall a hole in the top
are too many of the carburetor on people
on the internet post that you know that
would have worked they use JP will that
rgv it but did not work they got no
wards never follow judge Phil's advice
organisers choice flying pig Mustang so
this cars come out a bunch of times
they're always running really well and
unlike everybody else who is a reliable
top three finishers they don't care that
they have 200 pounds of a 55-gallon drum
on the nose plywood on the top they like
that their car looks like a pig and we
like that right attitude organizers
choice which just brings us to the ioe
speaking of right attitude Fiat x19 you
doing done do pretty good for one of
those you're gonna win an award yeah all
right here's 11 about y'all Class B why
you